chore: update upgrade guide (#2337)
microsoft/OpenAPI.NET: docs/upgrade-guide-2.md

There are a number of new features in OpenAPI v3.1 that are now supported in OpenAPI.NET.

### JsonSchema Dialect and BaseUri in OpenApiDocument
To enable full compatibility with JSON Schema, the OpenApiDocument class now supports a jsonSchemaDialect property. This property specifies the JSON Schema dialect used throughout the document, using a URI. By explicitly declaring the dialect, tooling no longer needs to infer which draft is being used based on schema structure or references.

> In addition, a BaseUri property has been added to represent the absolute location of the OpenAPI document. If the document’s location is not provided, this property will be set to a generated placeholder URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, a BaseUri property has been added to represent the identity of the OpenAPI document. If the document’s identity is not provided or cannot be determined at based on its location, this property will be set to a generated placeholder URI.
```

var outputString = openApiDocument.Serialize(OpenApiSpecVersion.OpenApi2_0, OpenApiConstants.Json);
```

### OpenApiSchema's Type property is now a flaggable enum

In v2.0, the Type property in OpenApiSchema is now defined as a flaggable enum, allowing consumers to swap nullable for type arrays.

**Example:**
```csharp
// v1.6.x
var schema = new OpenApiSchema
{
    Type = "string",
    Nullable = true
}

// v2.0
var schema = new OpenApiSchema
{

>     Type = JsonSchemaType.String | JsonSchemaType.Null

Reviewer 2: we should probably also demonstrate the usage of OR `|`, AND `&` and NOT `~` operators for filtering.

4. Removed Reference Fields from Base Models:
Fields like Reference that were previously defined on base model types have been removed. Models that support referencing now handle this behavior explicitly via composition rather than inheritance.

5. New Target and RecursiveTarget Properties:
A Target property that points to the actual resolved model instance as well as a RecursiveTarget property that handles recursive references and supports advanced dereferencing logic have been introduced.

6. Removed OpenApiReferenceResolver:
This resolver class has been removed in favor of a more streamlined resolution model using the Target and RecursiveTarget properties along with updated reader/serializer pipelines.

### Visitor and Validator now pass an interface model

**Example:**
```csharp
//v1.6.x
public override void Visit(OpenApiParameter parameter){}

//v2.0
public override void Visit(IOpenApiParameter parameter){}
```

### Cleaned up the IEffective/GetEffective infrastructure

All the IEffective and GetEffective methods in the models have been removed as we've implemented lazy reference resolution using the proxy design.

### Shallow Copy in place of copy constructors

> Copy constructors have been eliminated from the models in favor of a more straightforward approach using a shallow copy method. This simplifies the codebase and reduces potential issues with deep copying and unintended side effects.

Reviewer: I'm confused. Copy constructors are still present in the codebase, and should be.

**Example:**
```csharp
var schema = new OpenApiSchema();
var schemaCopy = schema.CreateShallowCopy();
```

### Duplicated _style Property on Parameter Removed

The redundant _style property on the Parameter model has been removed to simplify the model's structure.

### Discriminator now use References

Discriminator mappings have been updated from using a Dictionary<string, string> to a Dictionary<string, OpenApiSchemaReference>. This change improves the handling of discriminator mappings by referencing OpenAPI schema components more explicitly, which enhances schema resolution.

**Example:**
```csharp
// v1.6.x
Discriminator = new()
{
    PropertyName = "@odata.type",
    Mapping = new Dictionary<string, string> {
        {
            "#microsoft.graph.directoryObject", "#/components/schemas/microsoft.graph.directoryObject"
        }
    }
}

//v2.0

> Discriminator = new()public string? ExclusiveMaximum

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Discriminator = new()
```
